index.md, before:

---
---

# Cognitive computational neuroscience of speech recognition

We study the neural basis of language and speech, 
using computational models and brain data.
We also develop methods and tools for neural data analysis.


{% capture text %}

Browse published papers and preprints.

{%
  include button.html
  link="research"
  text="Publications"
  icon="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/Publications.jpg"
  link="research"
  title="Our Research"
  text=text
%}

{% capture text %}

We are looking for post-docs, graduate students and a full time research assistant to work on multiple projects.

{%
  include button.html
  link="projects"
  text="Projects"
  icon="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/Projects.jpg"
  link="projects"
  title="Projects and Open Positions"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
  text=text
%}

{% capture text %}

Current lab members.

{%
  include button.html
  link="team"
  text="Team"
  icon="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/Team.jpg"
  link="team"
  title="Our Team"
  text=text
%}

Commit message:

UDPATE:  Remove positions & fix publications (#33)
* fix: publications ("Recurrent neural networks ..." published)

* Remove open positions

* Make Almuni smaller

index.md, after:

---
---

# Cognitive computational neuroscience of speech recognition

We study the neural basis of language and speech, 
using computational models and brain data.
We also develop methods and tools for neural data analysis.


{% capture text %}

Browse published papers and preprints.

{%
  include button.html
  link="research"
  text="Publications"
  icon="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/Publications.jpg"
  link="research"
  title="Our Research"
  text=text
%}

{% capture text %}

Major projects the lab is working on.

{%
  include button.html
  link="projects"
  text="Projects"
  icon="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/Projects.jpg"
  link="projects"
  title="Projects"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
  text=text
%}

{% capture text %}

Current lab members.

{%
  include button.html
  link="team"
  text="Team"
  icon="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/Team.jpg"
  link="team"
  title="Our Team"
  text=text
%}
